NCAR/MLSO UCOMP-PIPELINE OPEN SOURCE ACADEMIC RESEARCH LICENSE AGREEMENT

1. License. The University Corporation for Atmospheric Research (UCAR), The
National Center for Atmospheric Research (NCAR), and the High Altitude
Observatory (HAO) grant you a non-exclusive, non-transferable, world-wide,
royalty-free license to use, reproduce, and prepare derivative works of the
NCAR/MLSO UCOMP-PIPELINE software for research, academic, and non-profit
purposes only. This license applies to Version 1 and subsequent versions. Any
and all licenses issued for earlier versions do not apply to this version.

2. Basis. This software was written at HAO by several authors including: S.
Tomczyk, M. Galloy, G. de Toma, J. Plowman, C. Bethge, H. Tian, S. McIntosh, L.
Sitongia, B. Berkey, and J. Burkepile. Some of the routines provided here are
based on code obtained from a variety of public domain sources, including
solarsoft. The solarsoft routines in this repository shall not be extracted,
distributed, or used for any purpose other than as implemented in the
UCOMP-PIPELINE. To obtain an up-to-date version of solarsoft, please go to their
web site (http://www.lmsal.com/solarsoft/).

3. Restrictions and Use.
a. No Sales. You shall not sell, or license, or transfer for a fee the
Software, or any work that in any manner contains the Software, or any data
products generated by the Software.
b. Modifications. All modifications or changes to the Software and derivative
works that incorporate or utilize the Software should be clearly marked and
give relevant dates to indicate you modified it, so as not to confuse it with
the copyright holder's original.
c. Open Source. Any reproductions or derivative works shall also be
on an open source basis.
d. Copyright. Each copy of the Software, modification, or redistribution of
source code shall include a file containing this Agreement. Reference to this
file shall be displayed on any documents related to or derived from the
Software.
e. Notices. Neither the name of the copyright holders nor the names of
contributors, if any, may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
this software without specific prior written permission.

4. Acknowledgement. The academic standards and practices with respect to
notification, citation, co-authorship are expected. You should acknowledge the
use of our software in your scientific research published in journal articles
or web sites in the following form: "This research has made use of the
NCAR/MLSO UCOMP-PIPELINE software (https://doi.org/10.26024/g8p7-wy42), an
open-source and free data processing and analysis package."

5. Proprietary Rights. Title, ownership rights, and intellectual property
rights in the Software shall remain in UCAR. You acknowledge such ownership and
intellectual property rights and will not take any action to jeopardize, limit
or interfere in any manner with UCAR's ownership of or rights with respect to
the Software.

6. Disclaimer of Warranty on Software. The Software is provided "as is" and
without warranty of any kind and UCAR expressly disclaims all warranties and/or
conditions of any kind, express or implied, including, but not limited to, any
warranties or conditions of title, non- infringement of a third party's
intellectual property, merchantability or satisfactory quality and fitness for
a particular purpose. UCAR does not warrant that the functions contained in the
software will meet your requirements, or that the operation of the software
will be uninterrupted or error-free. Furthermore, UCAR does not warrant or make
any representations and you assume all risk regarding the use or the results of
the use of the software or related documentation in terms of their correctness,
accuracy, reliability, or otherwise.

7. Limitation of Liability. Under no circumstances, including negligence, shall
UCAR be liable for any direct, incidental, special, indirect or consequential
damages arising out of the use or inability to use the program (including, but
not limited to loss of data or data being rendered inaccurate, or losses
sustained by you or third parties, or a failure of the program to operate with
any other programs), even if UCAR has been advised of the possibility of such
damages.

8. Export Law Assurances. All Software and any technical data delivered under
this Agreement are subject to U.S. export control laws and may be subject to
export or import regulations in other countries. You agree to comply strictly
with all such laws and regulations and you acknowledge that you have
responsibility to obtain such license to export, re-export, or import as may be
required after delivery to you.

9. Termination. Your rights under this Agreement will terminate automatically
without notice from UCAR if you fail to comply with any term(s) of this
Agreement. The following provisions shall survive termination: Sections 3, 6,
7, and 10.

10. Complete Agreement. This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement between
the parties with respect to the use of the Software and supersedes all prior or
contemporaneous understandings regarding such subject matter.
